Fix style inconsistencies in Jupyter Notebooks docs (#6306)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/datascience/jupyter-notebooks.md

## Running cells

Once you have a notebook, you can run a code cell using the **Run** icon to the left of the cell and the output will appear directly below the code cell.

> To run code, you can also use keyboard shortcuts in both command and edit mode. To run the current cell, use `kbstyle(Ctrl+Enter)`. To run the current cell and advance to the next, use `kbstyle(Shift+Enter)`.

Author: ```suggestion
To run code, you can also use keyboard shortcuts in both command and edit mode. To run the current cell, use `kbstyle(Ctrl+Enter)`. To run the current cell and advance to the next, use the keyboard shortcut `kbstyle(Shift+Enter)`.
```

> To run code, you can also use keyboard shortcuts in both command and edit mode. To run the current cell, use `kbstyle(Ctrl+Enter)`. To run the current cell and advance to the next, use the keyboard shortcut `kbstyle(Shift+Enter)`.

Author: ```suggestion
To run code, you can also use keyboard shortcuts in both command and edit mode. To run the current cell, use the keyboard shortcut `kbstyle(Ctrl+Enter)`. To run the current cell and advance to the next, use the keyboard shortcut `kbstyle(Shift+Enter)`.
```

> To run code, you can also use keyboard shortcuts in both command and edit mode. To run the current cell, use the keyboard shortcut `kbstyle(Ctrl+Enter)`. To run the current cell and advance to the next, use the keyboard shortcut `kbstyle(Shift+Enter)`.

Author: ```suggestion
To run code, you can also use keyboard shortcuts in both command and edit mode. To run the current cell, use `kbstyle(Ctrl+Enter)`. To run the current cell and advance to the next, use `kbstyle(Shift+Enter)`.
```

### Code cell modes

While working with code cells, a cell can be in three states: unselected, command mode, and edit mode. A vertical bar to the left of a code cell and editor border shows the current state of a cell. When no bar is visible, the cell is unselected. When a cell is selected, it can be in command mode or in edit mode.

![Unselected Jupyter code cell](images/jupyter/native-code-unselected-02.png)

In command mode, a solid vertical bar will appear to the left of the cell. The cell can be operated on and accepts keyboard commands.

![Code cell in command mode](images/jupyter/native-code-cells-02.png)

In edit mode, a solid vertical bar is joined by a border around the cell editor. The cell's contents (code or Markdown) can be modified.

![Code cell in edit mode](images/jupyter/native-code-cells-04.png)

> To switch modes, you can use keyboard shortcuts or the mouse. On your keyboard, press the `kbstyle(Enter)` key to move to edit mode or the `kbstyle(Esc)` key to move to command mode. With your mouse, click the vertical bar to the left of the cell or out of the code/Markdown region in the code cell.

Author: ```suggestion
To switch modes, you can use your keyboard or mouse. On your keyboard, press the `kbstyle(Enter)` key to move to edit mode or the `kbstyle(Esc)` key to move to command mode. With your mouse, click the vertical bar to the left of the cell or out of the code/Markdown region in the code cell.
```

### Move a code cell

You can move cells up or down within a notebook via dragging and dropping. For code cells, the drag and drop area is to the left of the cell editor as indicated below. For rendered Markdown cells, you may click anywhere to drag and drop cells.

![Move a code cell](images/jupyter/code-move.png)

To move multiple cells, you can use the same drag and drop areas in any cell included in the selection.

> `kbstyle(Alt+Arrow)` also moves one or multiple selected cells.

Author: ```suggestion
The keyboard shortcut `kbstyle(Alt+Arrow)` also moves one or multiple selected cells.
```

### Search through notebook

> You can search `kbstyle(Ctrl/Cmd + F)` through an entire notebook or you can search parts of your notebook by filtering your search options. When searching through your notebook, click the Filter option (funnel icon) to search across:

Author: ```suggestion
You can search through a notebook (or parts of it by filtering the search options) by using the keyboard shortcut `kbstyle(Ctrl/Cmd + F)`. Click the Filter option (funnel icon) to search across:
```
